

# OutputTransaction

A list of output transactions.
## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**transactionId** | **String** | The unique identifier for the transaction. |  [readonly]
**type** | **String** | The type of the transaction e.g. &#39;Buy&#39;, &#39;Sell&#39;. The transaction type should have been pre-configured via the System Configuration API endpoint. |  [readonly]
**description** | **String** | The description of the transaction. This only exists on transactions generated by LUSID e.g. a holdings adjustment transaction. |  [optional] [readonly]
**instrumentIdentifiers** | **Map&lt;String, String&gt;** | The set of instrument identifiers that can be used to resolve the transaction to a unique instrument. |  [optional]
**instrumentUid** | **String** | The unqiue Lusid Instrument Id (LUID) of the instrument that the transaction is in. |  [readonly]
**transactionDate** | [**OffsetDateTime**](OffsetDateTime.md) | The date of the transaction. |  [readonly]
**settlementDate** | [**OffsetDateTime**](OffsetDateTime.md) | The settlement date of the transaction. |  [readonly]
**units** | **Double** | The number of units transacted in the associated instrument. |  [readonly]
**transactionAmount** | **Double** | The total value of the transaction in the transaction currency. |  [optional] [readonly]
**transactionPrice** | [**TransactionPrice**](TransactionPrice.md) |  |  [optional]
**totalConsideration** | [**CurrencyAndAmount**](CurrencyAndAmount.md) |  |  [optional]
**exchangeRate** | **Double** | The exchange rate between the transaction and settlement currency. For example if the transaction currency is in USD and the settlement currency is in GBP this this the USD/GBP rate. |  [optional] [readonly]
**transactionToPortfolioRate** | **Double** | The exchange rate between the transaction and portfolio currency. For example if the transaction currency is in USD and the portfolio currency is in GBP this this the USD/GBP rate. |  [optional] [readonly]
**transactionCurrency** | **String** | The transaction currency. |  [optional] [readonly]
**properties** | [**Map&lt;String, PerpetualProperty&gt;**](PerpetualProperty.md) | Set of unique transaction properties and associated values to stored with the transaction. Each property will be from the &#39;Transaction&#39; domain. |  [optional] [readonly]
**counterpartyId** | **String** | The identifier for the counterparty of the transaction. |  [optional] [readonly]
**source** | **String** | The source of the transaction. This is used to look up the appropriate transaction group set in the transaction type configuration. |  [optional] [readonly]
**transactionStatus** | [**TransactionStatusEnum**](#TransactionStatusEnum) | The status of the transaction. |  [optional] [readonly]
**entryDateTime** | [**OffsetDateTime**](OffsetDateTime.md) | The asAt datetime that the transaction was added to LUSID. |  [optional] [readonly]
**cancelDateTime** | [**OffsetDateTime**](OffsetDateTime.md) | If the transaction has been cancelled, the asAt datetime that the transaction was cancelled. |  [optional] [readonly]
**realisedGainLoss** | [**List&lt;RealisedGainLoss&gt;**](RealisedGainLoss.md) | The collection of realised gains or losses resulting from relevant transactions e.g. a sale transaction. The cost used in calculating the realised gain or loss is determined by the accounting method defined when the transaction portfolio is created. |  [optional] [readonly]



## Enum: TransactionStatusEnum

Name | Value
---- | -----
ACTIVE | &quot;Active&quot;
AMENDED | &quot;Amended&quot;
CANCELLED | &quot;Cancelled&quot;



